Update FrequentTasks.md (#2507)
chef/chef-server: dev-docs/FrequentTasks.md

chef-server/src/oc_erchef/rebar.lock
chef-server/src/oc_bifrost/rebar.lock
```

## Buildkite Artifacts (omnibus/adhoc)

> If you want an artifact to appear in Artifactory's unstable channel, you must now set `PUBLISH_TO_ARTIFACTORY=true` in the Environment Variables section of the Buildkite web GUI.  Select New Build, then select Options in the popup to open the Environment Variables section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To publish an artifact in Artifactory's unstable channel, you must first set the Buildkite environment variable `PUBLISH_TO_ARTIFACTORY=true`. (**Buildkite web UI > New Build > Options** opens the Environment Variables settings).
```

Author: Done.

> If you want an artifact to appear in Artifactory's unstable channel, you must now set `PUBLISH_TO_ARTIFACTORY=true` in the Environment Variables section of the Buildkite web GUI.  Select New Build, then select Options in the popup to open the Environment Variables section.

Reviewer 2: Is there a way this can be done for the nightlies? It would be good to make a note of that.

Author: I'll try to find that out.  I'm guessing it would require a change to whatever buildkite script is running this nightly.

Reviewer 3: Just a thought, but I wonder if you could just add it as an environment variable to your `.expeditor/config.yml`:

```
diff --git a/.expeditor/config.yml b/.expeditor/config.yml
index 36962f703..ac772214e 100644
--- a/.expeditor/config.yml
+++ b/.expeditor/config.yml
@@ -43,6 +43,7 @@ pipelines:
  - omnibus/adhoc:
       definition: .expeditor/release.omnibus.yml
       env:
         - ADHOC: true
+        - PUBLISH_TO_ARTIFACTORY: true
   - post-promote:
       description: "Generate and upload release manifest"
       definition: .expeditor/post-promote.pipeline.yml

```
